Persona Q: Shadow of the Labyrinth
RPG
M
86
Persona Q is the inaugural Persona game for 3DS. The game takes the characters from Persona 3 and Persona 4, puts them into an all new adventure. The game is in the style of Etrian Odyssey, where teams of five will navigate dungeons in a first-person view. New characters, enemies, the presence of Etrian Odyssey's F.O.Es will provide players with all new challenges.
Pictures/PersonaQ.jpg
Super Smash Bros 3DS
Fighting
E10+
85
Return to a world of exciting battles with Super Smash Bros. as you fight your way through a host of fan-favorite opponents. Make your way through memorable stages inspired by the most notorious classic Nintendo games. Challenge a myriad of familiar faces to battle, including Mario, Link, Samus and Pikachu, or take on new contenders, such as Mega Man, Little Mac and Palutena, the Goddess of Light from the Kid Icarus games. Leap into battle as your own personalized Mii characters. Dive into a thrilling new mode, exclusive to the Nintendo 3DS, Smash Run. Fight solo through a battlefield of enemies, and snatch up their dropped powerups before the clock runs out — and the real battle begins. Customize your fighter for when you're playing locally or online. Experience all the stunning beauty of the Super Smash Bros. world rendered in immersive 3D. Challenge family and friends locally or online, or seek out new competition from around the globe in online For Fun or For Glory matches.
Pictures/SSB3D.jpg
Pokemon Omega Ruby
RPG
E
83
Pokemon players first enjoyed Pokemon Ruby Version and Pokemon Sapphire Version when it launched in 2003 for the Game Boy Advance. Now, a whole new generation of Pokemon fans will experience the storyline that unfolds in Pokemon Omega Ruby and Pokemon Alpha Sapphire.
Pictures/PokemonOmegaRuby.jpg
Shantae and the Pirate's Curse
Platformer
E10+
83
Embark on a brand new adventure which teams Shantae with her arch nemesis, Risky Boots. When a curse falls upon Sequin Land, Risky Boots and Shantae must join forces to battle unimaginable evil. Shantae must give up her job as Scuttle Towns "Guardian Genie" and become a pirate if she hopes to get her magic back and save the day. As a pirate, Shantae gains new weapons and tools to advance her quest and power through monsters.
Pictures/ShantaePiratesCurse.jpg
Ultimate NES Remix
Party
E
69
Take on a rapid-fire onslaught of challenges and mash-ups from 16 of Nintendos finest 8-bit games! Test your skills on a gauntlet of quick, tricky challenges and remix stages that combine parts of different games. The best mix of titles from the NES Remix and NES Remix 2 games is on Nintendo 3DS. Now youre playing with PORTABLE power!
Pictures/UltimateNESRemix.jpg
Sonic Boom: Shattered Crystal
Action Platformer
E
45
Sonic Boom: Shattered Crystal is a standalone adventure that shares key characters, events and lore of the Sonic Boom universe with exclusive environments and characters, as well as an emphasis on platforming and puzzles.
Pictures/SonicBoomShatteredCrystal.jpg
Pokemon Art Academy
Art
E
76
Pokemon Art Academy boasts 40 lessons in which players can encounter favorite Pokemon from throughout the series, such as Pikachu, Oshawott, Charizard, Torchic, Fletchling and Fennekin.
Pictures/PokemonArt.jpg
