Harvest Moon
Virtual Life
E
90 
Harvest Moon GB is the second game in the Harvest Moon series of video games, and was developed by Victor Interactive Software. Harvest Moon GB is the first portable Harvest Moon game, developed for the Game Boy. A Game Boy Color version was released later under the name Harvest Moon GBC. The Game Boy Color version was later released on the 3DS Virtual Console in 2013.
Pictures/HarvestMoonGBC.jpg
Aladdin
Platformer
E
88
Disney's Aladdin is a platform video game based on the 1992 motion picture of the same name. It is one of several video games based on this film, including one game that was released in the same month by Capcom for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
Pictures/Aladdin.jpg
Donkey Kong Country
Platformer
E
70 
Donkey Kong Country is a 1994 platforming video game developed by Rare and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It was first released on November 21, 1994 in North America, on November 24, 1994 in Europe, and on November 26, 1994 in Japan with under the name Super Donkey Kong (??????????? Supa Donki Kongu?). Donkey Kong Country was the first Donkey Kong game that was not produced or directed by Shigeru Miyamoto, the character's original creator. It was directed by Tim Stamper instead, although Miyamoto was still involved with the project.
Pictures/DKC.jpg
Hoyle Card Games
Card Games
E
10  
The package includes eight competitive card games, such as cribbage and go fish, as well as six variations of solitaire. Competitive games are played against the game's artificial intelligence (AI), or against another player. Two players can use two separate Game Boy Color consoles and connect them with a link cable, or use a single machine and alternate their turns.[1] The AI can prove a challenging opponent since the game lacks any difficulty settings. Each game's rules are explained within a menu.[2] Each player must pick an avatar to represent them before they can begin, such as a crocodile or a teddy bear.
  
